Bug 1997704: [OpenStack] Document in-tree limitation for external LBs (#6033)
openshift/installer: docs/user/openstack/known-issues.md

```
[bugzilla-upi]: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1927244
[manifests-removal]:../openstack/install_upi.md#remove-machines-and-machinesets

## Unable to create external load-balancers using pre-defined FIP (In-tree provider)

Installations with in-tree cloud provider enabled does support usage of
a Floating IP address that was pre-defined in the Service specification

> because of [a Neutron policy restriction][bugzilla-in-tree]. To create

Reviewer: Well, you can still use it, just make sure to change the policy and allow the user to create FIPs with specified address. It'd be real good to ask Neutron folks on why it's disallowed by default. I'd guess there's some security consideration here and we could explain it.

Author: You're right. I'm gonna ask them

Author: Just found the steps to update that policy https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6069071

> an external load-balancer, a Floating ip should not be specified in the

Reviewer: I'd capitalize it as "floating IP".

Service to allow the cloud provider to handle its creation.

> [bugzilla-in-tree] https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1997704

Reviewer 2: You're missing a `:` causing it to not render your link:
```suggestion
[bugzilla-in-tree]: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1997704
```

```
[bugzilla-upi]: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1927244
[manifests-removal]:../openstack/install_upi.md#remove-machines-and-machinesets

## Limitations of creating external load-balancers using pre-defined FIP

> By default, installations with in-tree cloud provider enabled does support usage
> of a Floating IP address that was defined in the Service specification,
> since only admin users can create floating IP with specific address. It's
> possible to [change the policy to also allow non-admin users][policy-change-steps].
> If no policy change is wanted, the user should not provider a `loadBalancerIP` in
> the Service spec to create an external load-balancer with the in-tree provider.
> When using the out-of-tree cloud provider, a floating IP pre-created by the user
> can be used.

Reviewer 2: I still find the phrasing a little bit confusing as it kinda suggests the policy problem only affects in-tree cloud provider.
How about something like the following?
```suggestion
On most clouds, the default policy prevents non-admin users from creating                                     
a Floating IP with a specific address. This causes the cloud provider to fail
provisioning Load Balancers where a Floating IP address is present in the
Service specification.

It's possible to pre-create a floating IP and pass it in the Service
specification when using the external cloud provider. The in-tree cloud
provider does not support this.
Alternatively, it's also possible to [relax the policy][policy-change-steps]
and allow non-admin users to create FIPs with specific IP.
```

```
[bugzilla-upi]: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1927244
[manifests-removal]:../openstack/install_upi.md#remove-machines-and-machinesets

> ## Limitations of creating external load-balancers using pre-defined FIP

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Limitations of creating external load balancers using pre-defined FIPs
```

On most clouds, the default policy prevents non-admin users from creating                                     
a Floating IP with a specific address. This causes the cloud provider to fail
provisioning Load Balancers where a Floating IP address is present in the

> Service specification.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
service specification.
```

You can pre-create a floating IP and pass the address of it in the service

> specification [by using/if using] the external cloud provider. The in-tree cloud

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
specification if using the external cloud provider. The in-tree cloud
```

> It's possible to pre-create a floating IP and pass it in the Service
> specification when using the external cloud provider. The in-tree cloud
> provider does not support this.
> Alternatively, it's also possible to [relax the Neutron policy][policy-change-steps]
> and allow non-admin users to create FIPs with specific IP.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can pre-create a floating IP address and pass it in the service
specification [by using/if using] the external cloud provider. The in-tree cloud
provider does not support this.
Alternatively, you can [relax the Neutron policy][policy-change-steps]
to allow non-admin users to create FIPs with specific IP.
```
